Sage Intacct Financials Product Update (#1682)
codatio/codat-docs: blog/250929-sage-intacct-financials.md

---
title: "Categorized Financials now supported for Sage Intacct"
date: "2025-09-29"

> tags: ["Product", "Update", "Lending", "Sage Intacct", "Assess", "Categorized Financials"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tags: ["Product", "Update", "Lending", "Sage Intacct", "Categorized Financials"]
```

authors: ivasiutkova
---

We have expanded our [Lending](/lending/overview) product coverage to include **Sage Intacct Categorized Financial Statements**.

<!--truncate-->

## What's new?

Our [Lending](/lending/overview) solution now supports generating [Categorized Financial Statements](/lending/features/financial-statements-overview) for Sage Intacct.  
This means you can **connect, retrieve, and analyze detailed financial statements** from customers who use Sage Intacct, helping you make better credit and risk decisions.

## Who is this relevant for?

This update is relevant to **all clients using or planning to use** Codat’s [Lending](/lending/overview) solution — especially those leveraging [Categorized Financial Statements](/lending/features/financial-statements-overview) as part of their credit assessment workflows.

## How to get started?

> To enable Sage Intacct support in your application, follow our guide to [set up the Sage Intacct integration](/integrations/accounting/sage-intacct/accounting-sage-intacct-setup) and configure your instance to work with the enhanced financial statements feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable Sage Intacct, follow our guide to [setting up Sage Intacct](/integrations/accounting/sage-intacct/accounting-sage-intacct-setup) and configure your instance to work with the enhanced financial statements feature.
```

> To enable Sage Intacct support in your application, follow our guide to [set up the Sage Intacct integration](/integrations/accounting/sage-intacct/accounting-sage-intacct-setup) and configure your instance to work with the enhanced financial statements feature.

Reviewer: Where can the use do this: `and configure your instance to work with the enhanced financial statements feature.`?
